c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.exe
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.pdb
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Flashmobs.exe
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Flashmobs.pdb
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\nutzer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Nutzer\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Nutzer\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Nutzer\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Nutzer\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.exe
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.pdb
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\bin\Debug\Flashmobs.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.g.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ItemsPage.xaml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\SplitPage.xaml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Flashmobs.exe
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\Flashmobs.pdb
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\net\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Flashmobs\Flashmobs\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
